Issue 1330 documentation changes (#3243)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/architecture/components/querier.md

The bucket index contains a list of blocks and block deletion marks of a tenant. The querier later uses the list of blocks and block deletion marks to locate the set of blocks that need to be queried for the given query.

> When the querier runs with the bucket index enabled, the querier startup time and the volume of API calls to object storage are reduced. It is recommended that it is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the querier runs with the bucket index enabled, the querier startup time and the volume of API calls to object storage are reduced. To take advantage of these performance improvements and cost reductions, keep the bucket index enabled.
```
@56quarters, is performance being improved and costs being reduced?
